The villain doesn't want any reward
But I am very worried about the life of the princess
Can't sleep at night
Hope Emperor
Can betroth the princess to a good concubine
Then tell me
Who is the right person?
Ah.
At least he's talented
Xuefu Five Cars
Go up the hall and down the kitchen
And the handsome and meaningful Ma Yun
Is there such a perfect man?
Yes.
For example, for example, Dong Qiang, the son of Dong Shang's calligraphy family
He learns to be rich and has five cars to be rich
He deserves these words too, but they are all said by rich women
Do you think the emperor and I are full of nonsense?
He's not handsome either
When I was a child, the Queen Mother touched his head and said
The child is so handsome.
Are you saying that the Queen Mother is blind?
Can he cook? Hahaha.
My son has been the same age as the imperial chef since he was 10 years old
Learn to cook
Already got the real story
Now my son's cooking skills are in big fish
It's in the top three.
Brother, I didn't expect you to only see me as the concubine
So elegant
Let me be in awe
Alright Dong Qiang
You need more work clothes to move around
Communicate more emotions
It's the emperor's return to the palace
Drive back to the palace